---
layout: post
title: WeeK 4
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was a little more relaxed than usual, which was nice. Project 2 was released on Monday, so my partner and I worked on that and have nearly finished it. My first project for 439 was also due this Friday, so I spent some time finishing that up and working out all the bugs. I also spent some time editing my resume and preparing for the upcoming CNS fair. 

### What's in your way?
The main thing in my way at the moment is the current project in my 439 class. It's expected to take at least 40 hours, probably more, so I am going to have to work hard to keep on top of all of my other classes in addition to that. Fortunately, my project for OOP is nearly finished, so I won't have to worry too much about that.

### What will you do next week?
Most of my time next week (and the week after, as well) will probably be spent on my 439 project. The CNS fair is this Tuesday, so I'll also be doing some job hunting. And to round it off, I have an English paper and a Spanish paper due on Friday, so all-in-all it's looking like a pretty jam-packed week. 

### Class Experience
This week in class we had a guest speaker from Bloomberg speak to us, which was really interesting. He talked about the different tools he and his teams use, gave us some job-hunting advice, and just generally described the experience of working in the real world. Project 2 has been going well, and I have a partner for this one, unlike project 1. I really appreciate that Downing goes out of his way to encourage us to work together. Not only do I find the work more enjoyable when I'm working with someone else, but I also usually feel like my work is of better quality. I also think it's a useful skill to be able to work with others, including people you don't know well and people with different styles than you, so I feel like these pair project are very beneficial to me as a programmer. 
