---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
Last week I had a test and a project for 439, which was a little stressful. I think both went pretty well, but unfortunately took up most of my time during the week. I had been planning to begin studying for 371p, but wasn't able to start until the weekend. 

### What's in your way?
The main thing in my way is the upcoming exam for CS371p. I wasn't able to focus on 371p as much as I wanted last week because of 439, so I feel a little bit behind in preparing for the test. That will definitely be my main focus this week. 

### What will you do next week?
Next week will mostly be spent preparing for our first 371p exam. I definitely have a lot of reviewing to do before Thursday. A new round of projects will also begin on Monday for all of my classes, so I expect that will take up some time as well. And finally, I have two papers coming up soon. I am not going to try to work on them until after the exam, but they'll be on my mind until then.

### Class Experience
This week was kind of rough in OOP. The quizzes seemed harder this week (although it might have been due to me being more behind than usual) and I didn't do very well on them. A lot of people did poorly on the Friday quiz and professor Downing ended up giving us some points back because it was so difficult. It was definitely a wake-up call that I still have a lot of preparing to do for the exam. First exams are always a little more stressful because you have no idea what to expect. In OOP we only have two exams for the semester, which count for nearly half of our grade, so it's even more stressful. We haven't been given a practice exam or told what format to expect, but Downing did give us a very comprehensive list of topics that might appear so I will be studying that like crazy. 


