---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I finished my P2 for 439 and Allocator for OOP. I also got to go visit some friends in College Station over the weekend, which was fun. This was my first (and probably last) weekend off this semester, so I made it count. 

### What's in your way?
This week marks another round of projects- Virtual Memory for 439 and Darwin for OOP. So I'll be looking for a partner for OOP and begin working on both of those. I also have two papers due this week, so that will probably be my main focus. Time is going to be the main thing in my way for the next few weeks. Although I'm enjoying my classes and keeping up with the material, the main issue is just finding enough time to get all of my projects and papers done each week. 

### What will you do next week?
Start on both of my projects and spend a lot of time writing papers. I'll also be registering for my classes for next semester and waiting anxiously for the OOP exam 1 grades to be published (especially after the heart attack-inducing accidental grade release earlier this week).

### Class Experience
I really enjoyed implementing the Allocator project that was due last week. Although it was not overly challenging, it helped deepen my understanding of memory management while also helping to familiarize me with the C++ concepts from class. Of the three projects we have done so far, allocator has been the most interesting and the most valuable. I think it's usefulness will extend to my other CS classes as well, especially 439. During lecture, we continued to implement our vector class. Although our implementation started out fairly simple, it quickly increased in complexity as we made it more efficient and more accommodating (for example, by allowing the user to provide their own allocator). 
