---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did you do this past week?
I spent a lot of time working on the VM project for 439 last week. It ended up taking much longer than expected, but I am glad that my partner and I were able to finish it. I also spent a lot of time researching and doing interviews for a final project due in my Spanish class. It's been on the back burner all semester due to the barrage of projects in my CS classes, and I've now suddenly realized that it's due in two weeks. Whoops. 

### What's in your way?
This week is the final stretch in many of my classes. The last OOP project is due this week a I have a final exam in my Spanish class. Of course, project 4 in OS was just released, so I guess that's still going strong. At this point, it's pretty much an all-out sprint until Thanksgiving break, when the semester will start winding down. 

### What will you do next week?
I will be working on the Life project for OOP, which I have barely begun, and on my final project for Spanish. I would also really like to make progress on project 4 for OS, but I don't think I'll have much time to spare. Unfortunately I wasn't able to work on Life at all last week because VM took up so much of my time, so I'll have to spend a lot of time this week rushing to get it done. Over the semester the projects have definitely increased in complexity and interestingness- more so than I expected- and Life seems like a great one to end on. I'm a little disappointed that this project has fallen at such a bad time during the semester for me because it seems like something that I would actually enjoy working on and making good. 

