---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?
Last week my partner and I started working on the Darwin project for OOP, which seemed fairly straightforward. I also started Project 3 (Virtual Memory) for 439, which seems a little more complex and much more time consuming. The Darwin project was a little confusing at first because we weren't entirely sure what exactly qualified as a getter or setter. But after some initial planning we were able to make a good amount of progress, so hopefully it shouldn't require too much more work this upcoming week. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the VM project. We made a small start but we still have a long way to go. I also got to register this week and I was able to get into all of the classes and waitlists I wanted, which was pretty nice (and a first).

### What's in your way?
Time, as always. All of my classes seemed to have combined forces against me this week. It's going to be a rough one, but I am glad I at least have Thanksgiving break to look forward to.  

### What will you do next week?
On my to-do list this week: A paper on Tuesday, a 439 exam on Wednesday, and Darwin on Thursday. It's going to be a long week. Unfortunately, it looks like I'm going to have to put my 439 project on hold until Saturday, which is stressful since it is due next week and since I have heard from other students that it can take around 100 hours to complete. 

### Class Experience
This week was relatively relaxed in OOP. We spent Monday talking about the Darwin project and specifications. On Wednesday we had speakers from Pariveda, a consulting firm that develops software for other businesses. They talked a little about the process of software development and gave us some general advice. On Friday Professor Downing cancelled class so that everyone could attend the UTCS 50th Anniversary Symposium, which involved various talks, free food, and for some reason a giant blow-up rock-climbing mountain. 
