---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent doing a lot of programming. I finished my first project in my CS439 class and my first OOP project as well. It was a little stressful trying to get both projects done at the same time while also keeping on top of my other classses, but I was able to finish them both. Fortunately, the Collatz project was not overly time consuming, since it is the first project. It also introduced me to a lot of tools that I had not used before, including Travis CI, google testing, and git issue tracker. Hopefully I'll become more comfortable with these and be able to make good use of them in the future. 

### What's in your way?
Happily, there's not too much in my way right now. This upcoming week will be much less busy than my previous week since I won't have any projects deadlines coming up. My main issue will be catching up on studying for my non-CS classes, which I neglected a little during the project frenzy last week. 

### What will you do next week?
I'll probably be taking it a little easy next week. Besides keeping up with readings, studying, and prepping for the CNS fair, I don't have a lot on my plate. I'll also be looking for a partner for Project 2 and starting on that, whenever it is available. 

### Class Experience
I like the concepts that we are talking about in class, but I am realizing that just sitting and listening to the lecture is not enough. I thought that I understood references and pointers after hearing professor Downing talk about them, but then did poorly on the quiz over them the next class. In the future I will try to actually write code and go over examples outside of class in order to refresh my memory and make sure I have a solid understanding of the material. 
