---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did you do this past week?
My partner and I finished Life last week, which ended up being easier than expected. I also recorded and transcribed a bunch of interviews for my Spanish class and started working on the file systems project for OS. 

### What's in your way?
Motivation! I'm heading back home for Thanksgiving break on Monday afternoon and I'll have almost a whole week without classes. I'm so excited to take a break from school, eat lots of food, and see my family and friends. Of course, I still have a ton of school work to do over break but I know it's going to be tough to make myself get a lot done. 

### What will you do next week?
I only have one class on Monday, and then I'm heading home for Thanksgiving. While I'm home I'll be studying for the second OOP exam and the final exam in my Spanish class. I also have paper to write, a possible extra credit project for OOP, and a lot of catching up to do in OS. 

### Class Experience
Last week we continued talking about inheritance, virtual methods, and abstract classes. We also had speakers from Spiceworks on Wednesday. They talked about their work experiences and the company itself and then gave us some great advice about finding jobs and interviewing. 
With the final project done and the last exam for the class coming up after Thanksgiving, OOP is nearly over. I had actually decided to drop OOP in the middle of the semester because I didn't think I could handle it on top of my workload, but ended up changing my mind a few days later and choosing to stick it out. Although I didn't get as much out of this course as I could have if I'd taken it during a better semester, I still managed to learn a lot and I'm glad that I ended up finishing it. 
