---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?
In addition to the usual homework and reading, this past has included: the Netflix project for OOP, Project 1 for CS 439, two papers, a research proposal, a presentation, two all-nighters, and far, far too much coffee. Although all of my classes were pretty busy the OS project was easily the most demanding, taking up the same amount of time as everything else combined. My partner and I spent just over 30 hours working on it this week, and we still have quite a bit more to do. 

### What's in your way?
Truthfully, the biggest thing in my way at the moments is probably just exhaustion. After a good night's sleep I should be ready to jump back into the chaos.

### What will you do next week?
Next week will be pretty busy too, but nowhere near as punishing as last week. My main focus will be finishing up my OS project and studying for my first test of the semester, also in OS. The next OOP project is going to be released so I will hopefully have time to start on that, but it won't be a priority. 

### Class Experience
This week we had another guest speaker from Jet Propulsion Laboratories (JPL). He talked about the process his team goes through when developing software. Specifically, he mentioned the importance of designing the product with the user in mind and continually working to tailor it towards their needs at every stage of development. During development, his team usually plans only 2 or 3 weeks into development at a time. They choose what needs to get done, break everything into small tasks (a couple days or less), and organizes them by priority. Every few weeks or so they consult with the customer to make sure that their work is in line with what the customer wants. I really enjoyed hearing him speak and getting an idea of how developers actually go about creating software. 

