---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?
This first week of classes has been unusually chaotic for me. I took CS429 over the summer and was not able register for any upper division courses until the first week of classes. As a result, I spent the last week not knowing which classes I would actually be taking this semester. I spent my time watching a handful of waitlists with crossed fingers and attending 7 lectures on the off chance that I would get into the course. Fortunately, things worked out reasonably well and I can finally start to settle in and gear up for classes.

### What's in your way?
There's much less in my way now that the first week is over. I'm a little behind on organization and preparing for my classes, but I should catch up quickly. My main concern is that I am taking 4 very time-intensive classes this semester, but I think I'll be able to manage.

### What will you do next week?
I will spend next week doing most of the usual first-week things: Going through the class syllabi, updating my calendar, getting textbooks and other materials, and downloading and getting comfortable with the tools we'll be using in OOP. Hopefully I'll be caught up in all my classes when we come back after Labor Day next week. 

### First Impressions
Based on the few OOP lectures I have been to, I am looking forward to the class. I like that we're going to be learning to use a variety of tools over the semester as I'm not really familiar with any at the moment. I have never had a professor who calls on students randomly before, like professor Downing does. Although it sounds pretty terrible, I think I actually like it. It encourages me to take a more active role in learning during his lectures and when I don't know the answer to a question it helps me realize that I might not understand the material as much as I think I do. 

### Tip of the Week
I don't have a great CS-related tip this week, but general advice would be to take advantage of the resources available at UT. Specifically, the career fairs and career services center (since they are coming up). The career services center can help you with your resume, interviewing skills, and preparing for job searching and the career fairs. Which you should definitely go to, even if you aren't looking for a job or internship right now. You'll feel much more confident the next time you go. 
(Other awesome free things include the writing center, hackTX, and the MindBody Lab in the SSB)
