---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I was assigned my first two programming projects of the semester, one for OOP and one for 439. Both projects seem reasonably easy (although I'm sure both classes will ramp up the difficulty very soon). Otherwise I spent the week playing catch up- organizing my class schedules, doing readings, and generally trying to settle in. It was a little stressful to already feel behind during the second week of classes, but on the other hand I felt much more productive and on top of things than normal. 

### What's in your way?
The main thing in my way this week is that I have two projects coming up and I haven't really made solid progress on either of them yet. Fortunately, they both seem to be on the easier side. I have this Monday off for Labor Day so I plan to spend most of it working on these two projects. The other thing in my way is that one of these projects is a partner project. I am excited to try pair programming and I think it will be a great experience. However, since neither my partner nor I have programmed with others before it might slow us down a little initially while we figure things out.  

### What will you do next week?
Next week will be spent working on my two projects and trying to get them done as early as possible. I'll also probably try to get a little more comfortable with the tools we're using in OOP since I wasn't familiar with any of them until now and they seem useful.

### Class Experience
This week in class I learned to do the reading before the week before going to class. Which might seem obvious but I hadn't realized that we might be quizzed over the reading material. Normally I prefer to do readings after lectures, but for this class it doesn't really matter since the reading material and lecture material is mostly separate. Professor Downing's lectures have a very conversational flow, which I am not used to. On the one hand, I like it because I feel much more engaged and focused in his class than in classes where the professor talks to himself and points at slides for an hour. On the other hand, it makes it harder for me to know what the important points are or what specifics I am supposed to be getting from the lecture. I have been paying attention and understand the material, but I haven't written a single line of notes yet for his class- so that's something I'll be working on next week. 
