---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week we finished up the Darwin project for OOP. Although the difficulty was about the same as the other projects it was significantly more time consuming, mostly due to the huge number of unit tests we were required to write. Our solution had 32 methods and required 96 tests, which took almost as long as the actual Darwin code to write. After getting a working implementation my partner and I put off the rest of the project until after our exams on Tuesday and Wednesday, not realizing quite how much work the testing would be. We ended up working in the GDC lab all day on Thursday to get it finished (along with what appeared to be the entire OOP class).

### What's in your way?
This week is going to be much more easygoing than last week, thankfully. The main thing in my way is needing to catch up on all of the material from last week. A few things fell through the cracks in the frenzy of projects, exams, and papers, so I'll be spending some time reviewing last week's lectures, especially OOP.

### What will you do next week?
The VM project for OS is due on Friday and my partner and I have barely started, so I'll be focusing on that. Although I've heard a lot of bad things about this project, we haven't had too much trouble so far. Hopefully that means we'll be able to finish it in a reasonable amount of time and not have to spend the entire week in the lab. Our 5th and final project in OOP is released this week, so I'll also be looking for a partner and starting to work on that, as well.  

### Class Experience
In class on Monday and Wednesday we implemented a move constructor and move assignment operator. These avoid the expense of copying an object by taking in an rvalue and simply stealing its data. On Friday, we talked about the characteristics of different kinds of variables: static and nonstatic local, global, and class variables. Friday's lecture was pretty straightforward but I will definitely be spending some time reviewing the move semantics from Monday and Wednesday.
