---
layout: post
title: Final Week
---

### Lectures
The lectures from this class were great. I liked the student engagement (voluntary or not) and that we had opportunities to write code with our neighbors or together as a class, rather than just watching the professor from the sidelines. I also liked Professor Downing's cold-calling method, although it seemed like I was called on much less than some other students in the class (I assume this was unintentional). One thing I felt that I could have benefitted from was having well-defined topics or concepts for each day or section of the course. I found that I sometimes had trouble figuring out what key ideas or concepts I was supposed to be focusing on from the lecture, especially on days when we spent most of the class writing code. 

### Exams
I liked the style of the exams in this class a lot, however in a lot of respects the exams were frustrating. I really hated taking the exams on Canvas and I feel like I had to spend way too much time messing around with the text editor and losing time that I needed to take the test. I also felt very pressed for time on both exams and on both of them I was not able to make a good attempt on all of the questions. This was at least partly due to messing around with the Canvas text editor, though, so I can't say whether or not the length of the test itself was the issue. I also felt that having a better idea of the type of questions to expect on the exams would have been helpful. After the first test I was a little frustrated because I had gotten the impression that there would be a lot of quiz-style questions and questions about the concepts. I felt that I had been misled about what to study and that I was not as prepared for the exam as I should have been. I think it would be more fair to give students an idea of what to expect, especially if there are only going to be two exams. That said, I thought the exams themselves were very fair and well-written. 

### Projects
For the most part, I enjoyed the projects for this class. Darwin and Life the most useful in terms of implementing concepts from class, although they were very similar. I thought that Allocator was the most interesting and useful project, even though it did not tie as closely to the class material. I like how Professor Downing went out of his way to encourage us to work in pairs. I probably would have done the projects by myself for the convenience aspect if it were not for the extra credit offered, but I do think that I got much more out of the projects by working with others. I think that the project specs and requirements were generally pretty clear, although I would probably suggest a less stringent "3 tests per method" requirement for the last two projects. My biggest complaint about the projects would be that they took so long to grade (the website says they will be graded within one week) and that there sometimes seemed to be inconsistencies between what Professor Downing and the TAs said.

### Quizzes
I have mixed feelings about the quizzes in this class. On one hand, I think they were an excellent tool for keeping up with the material and checking your understanding. On the other hand, I found it difficult to do well on them unless I actively put in time to review the material from the previous class before the next class. So while they encouraged me to try to keep up with the class and check my understanding of the concepts, they also brought down my grade because I simply didn't always have time to review after every single class. At the beginning of the semster I had expected the quizzes to be somewhat like an attendance grade and bump my grade up, but my quize grade ended up being much lower than my test and project averages and actually brought down my overall grade. 

### Overall
I appreciate that Professor Downing tries to keep his class and the tools used in class as relevant as possible and that he seems very open to changes and suggestions. At the beginning of the semester I was pretty overwhelmed by the number of tools that we were expected to use in the class, as I was not familiar with any of them. Now, I am not only comfortable with all of them but also more comfortable with finding and trying out new tools in general. If I could give one piece of advice about this class, it would be to spend a lot of time coding throughout the semester, especially if you are not already familiar with C++. I spent a lot of time focusing on the specific details and concepts of the course and not enough time implementing them, which definitely affected my success on the exams. I think this was a worthwhile course and well worth taking. I do wish that I had had a better idea of what to expect out of the course and how to succeed earlier in the semester. If I had, I think I might have gotten even more out of it. 
