---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we had our first OOP exam. I spent a lot of time studying for that, although I also had a paper and a project for other classes which took up my time.

### What's in your way?
What's in my way is the sheer volume of things that I need to get done. With two projects, a paper, and an exam this week, it's going to be difficult to stay on top of things.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I will mainly be focused on my upcoming exam and my projects for 439 and OOP. 

### Exam 1
We had our first exam in OOP last Thursday, and it did not go as well as I had hoped. Professor Downing gave us a large list of topics to study and also suggested that we look over the quizzes from class, so this is how I spent my time studying for the exam. However, I felt that none of these actually helped to prepare me, because the exam turned out to be code-based with no multiple choice or questions about the concepts. That was pretty frustrating because I had spent all of my time studying irrelevant things and was not prepared as I could have been. That said, I do think that the test questions themselves were fair. They were all implementations of ideas that we had talked about in class, and would have been very straitforward if I had spent more time writing actual code while studying. It would have been nice to know ahead of time what to expect on the exam so that I could prepare for it, but at least I will know for the next one. I felt a little rushed and ended up using the entire 90 minutes for the exam, but it seemed like most people had enough time. 
