---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?
I had an exam and spent a lot of time working on Project 2 for 439. We actually have 3 weeks for this project though, so I didn't feel too rushed. My partner and I also started the Allocator project for OOP. It's a little more complex than I realized at first, but still very doable. We happen to be discussing allocation in my 439 class right now, so this project came at the perfect time.

### What's in your way?
Nothing! This upcoming week has to be the best week of the semester. I have no tests and no papers this week, which is amazing. I do have two projects due Thursday and Friday, but fortunately I am making good time on them so it should be a relatively relaxed week.

### What will you do next week?
I will mostly just be finishing up my two projects and enjoying a break from the usual pandemonium. If I have enough time, I may try to get some work done on a research paper final project for one of my classes. Registration is also coming up, so I'll be going through the course schedule and picking out my classes for next semester.

### Class Experience
I couldn't make it to class on Monday, so I missed the explanation of the allocator project. However, it seems more straightforward than the two previous projects (and more interesting). This week, we began talking about memory management in C++ and discussed the differences between stack and heap allocation. On Friday, we began implementing the vector class. I found the lectures this week to be really interesting, possibly because they overlap with my 439 class or maybe because they seem more relevant beyond C++. 
