---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?
My group and I worked on phase 4 this past week, which involved implementing editing, adding, and deleting instances on our website. This is tricky because we had to figure out how to allow editing while preventing robots from automatically deleting all of our data. We eventually decided to use Google's recaptcha to verify that users were actual people.

### What's in your way?
Time, as always. My group has actually been able to make good time on this phase and we have even implemented a few missing features from the last phase, however I am way behind on the readings and studying and my scores on the daily quizzes are starting to reflect this.

### What will you do next week?
Finish and submit phase 4 on Monday. Then my group will create our presentation of our website and present it to the class on Friday. I plan to spend the entire weekend next weekend studying for the second exam. 

### Experience of the class
The same as before. Although I have found the projects interesting and enjoyable, they are extremely time consuming. I'm a little relieved that the final one is due today. 

### Tip of the Week
If you are planning to take this class, take it during the semester and not over the summer. I found the idb project in this class much more interesting than I expected and really enjoyed getting to learn React. It almost makes me wish I had more time for the phases so that I could have put better effort into the website (and maybe not get quite so burned out).
