---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?
There wasn’t too much to do last week. I attended the first lecture, did the reading for next week, and made this blog. Other than that, I mostly hung out with friends and enjoyed having a free week before classes started. 

### What's in your way?
There's not really anything in my way at the moment, but my main obstacle this summer will be time management. Starting next week we will have a project or test every week until the end of the semester, so I’ll need to make sure I keep on top of all of the assignments and the material. 

### What will you do next week?
Start the first project and re-familiarizing myself with python. Python was the first language I learned but it has been a few years since I’ve used it so I’ll need to spend some time refreshing my memory. 

### Experience of the class
I have taken a class with Professor Downing before so the first class was exactly what I expected. When I took his object-oriented programming course last year, I remember being overwhelmed by the number of tools we had to learn and being taken aback by his cold-calling method. Fortunately, the course ended up being less intimidating than it seemed, so I’m not as worried this time around. 

### Tip of the Week
If you don’t know how to use any command line text editors, I would recommend learning vim (at least the basics). I used to hate using vim because I never bothered to get familiar with the commands, so I decided to take the 30 minutes to sit down and walk through vimtutor. It takes a little while to get comfortable with, but it’s worth the effort. It’s really nice to not have to switch between keyboard and mouse and this also allows you to edit very quickly. In addition to vimtutor, there are tons of online resources and interactive tutorials, including http://vim-adventures.com, which I used to get familiar with navigation. 
