---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I joined a team and started working on phase 1 of the idb project. Fortunately, my teammates are really nice and our schedules seem to match up pretty well. For this phase we just had to create a static website, which wasn't too time consuming. However, it seems like the next phase will be much more intense.

### What's in your way?
I am familiar with basic HTML, CSS, and JS, but I have never used any of the tools that Downing requires for this project so I will have to learn how to use them very quickly. I'm also not sure which part of the project I will be working on yet. Our team will need to divide into roles so that we can all get familiar with the tools we'll be using as quickly as possible. 

### What will you do next week?
Tomorrow my my group and I will finish up a few things and submit our phase 1 website. Then we'll start work on phase 2 as soon as possible. Phase 2 seems much more difficult than phase 1, but luckily we will have 2 weeks to complete it. We also have our first test coming up so I will start studying this week. 

### Experience of the class
The class is a little more fast-paced and time consuming than I expected, but it still seems very manageable. It can be a little intimidating to be introduced to so many tools that you are unfamiliar with, but I feel confident that I'll be able to learn how to use them very quickly. I also appreciate that we had a short React tutorial in class this week, so hopefully that will be helpful to me during the next phase of the project. 

### Tip of the Week
If you are looking for a frontend tool to use in conjuction with Bootstrap, [Isotope](https://isotope.metafizzy.co) is a library that I have used before for layout design. It also has sorting and filtering functionality, although I have never used these. 
