---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
I've spent most of my time this week working on implementing react for our idb project. My group did not use react for sorting or filtering in phase 2, so this week we went back and re-implemented those features. Now with less than two days before the project is due, we will have to figure out how to implement the search feature. 

### What's in your way?
Time, again. This project requires a lot of time and it's difficult to get everything done in just a week. My team barely finished the last phase on time (we submitted our project about 5 minutes before the deadline) and it seems like we'll have a similar time crunch for phase 3. 

### What will you do next week?
I will probably working on phase 3 all day Monday before we turn it in. I also plan on attacking phase 4 as soon as possible so that I will have time to study for the exam next weekend. 

### Experience of the class
I am still enjoying the class, although the last couple weeks have been more stressful and time consuming. I like that we have been learning about relations and relational databases in the lectures and readings because I have been working on the frontend in my team and don't know much about them. 

### Tip of the Week
I have found NPM to be a useful tool over the course of the idb project. NPM is a package manager for Javascript that allows you to track which versions of which packages you've installed. Whenever a teammate clones the project, they can just run npm install to download the correct versions of all of the dependencies. You can also use npm scripts to run and test your application. NPM comes with Node.js, which you can download manually [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or with "brew install node" if you have homebrew.
