---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?
I spent a lot of time working on phase 2 of the idb project, which is due Monday. Professor Downing warned us that this would be the hardest phase but I didn't realize quite how much time it would take. I am working on the frontend of our project and learning react took a lot longer than I expected. I spent several hours watching tutorials and made a simple web application that displays github repositories in order to get familiar with it.

### What's in your way?
Time. Phase 2 was a little rushed so my group will have to spend some time fixing it up before we start phase 3, which is due next Monday. Luckily we have Friday off this week :). 

### What will you do next week?
Catch up on phase 2 and implement phase 3 of the project. I'm also going to spend the fourth of July at Auditorium Shores and watch some fireworks.

### Experience of the class
We had our first test on Monday and it went pretty well. The questions seemed fair and came directly from material we covered in class. I was a little surprised by how many questions about the readings there were (but Professor Downing did warn us that they were fair game). I also liked that part of the test was done on hackerrank. It was much easier to code on than Canvas and I really liked that you are able to run your code and have multiple submissions. 

### Tip of the Week
I would recommend this [react tutorial](https://reacttraining.com/online/react-fundamentals) to anyone who is trying to learn react. (Thanks to our TA Sam for suggesting this, it was a lifesaver!). It takes a few hours but it is extremely helpful, especially if you code alongside the tutorial. I would also recommend the [Emmet Plugin](https://emmet.io) for sublime text. You can install it manually or using [package control](https://packagecontrol.io/installation). It's also available on other editors, including Atom and Eclipse. 
