---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I completed most of the collatz project. Because I had done a similar project using C++ for Downing's OOP course, I underestimated the amount of time the assignment would require. I didn't realize how much slower python would be and ended up spending several hours optimizing my solution before it passing all of the hackerrank tests.

### What's in your way?
There's not anything in my way this week.

### What will you do next week?
Tomorrow I will finish and submit the collatz project. Then I will look for a group for the next project and start working as soon as possible.

### Experience of the class
I have taken one of Downing's classes before and I am already fairly familiar with python, so right now the class is mostly review for me. However, I am enjoying learning more of the underlying details of python and how it differs from other languages that I didn't understand when I first started programming.

### Tip of the Week
[Here](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/git/git_quick_guide.htm) is a simple git cheat sheet for anyone who is unfamiliar with git. It mostly contains the very basics, but a few of these commands would have been helpful to me to learn sooner. For examply, you can use __git commit --amend__ to easily change your most recent commit, including the commit message. I also used git stash to get rid of changes without realizing that the stashed changes are saved on a stack. You can use __git stash list__ to view your stashed changes and __git stash pop__ to restore changes from the stack. 
