---
layout: post
title: Final Week
---

### Lectures
The really enjoyed the lecture style of Professor Downing's classes. Cold calling on students and having short, in-class exercises is a great way to get students to take an active role in learning. I find that I absorb and understand much more in his lectures than in classes where I passively listen to a professor lecture or watch him write code. Although the cold calling might be intimidating to students who don't like speaking in class, he is very helpful when you don't know the answer and it is just a great way to keep students engaged and thinking critically about the lecture material. It's worth noting that the lecture material does not directly relate to the projects for the bulk of the course. Although I personally liked the lectures and enjoyed learning about different concepts inside and outside of the classroom, this might not appeal to everyone.

### Exams
I have only taken one exam in this course so far. Although I normally prefer to write code on exams rather than answer multiple-choice questions, it was by far a much better experience than in a previous semester (where we had to write code using Canvas' terrible text editor). It looks like future students in this class may be taking exams by coding on hackerrank, which seems like a great format. But regardless of format, Professor Downing's tests are always fair and well written. If you understand the lecture material, keep up with the readings, and do the projects you will generally do well on the tests. 

### Projects
I have never been particularly interested in web development, but to my surprise I really enjoyed the project for this course. In particular, I liked getting to spend an entire semester improving on one single project and getting to teach myself several cool new tools. The workload for the projects is pretty high - higher than his other classes. But to compensate, the lecture material is a little lighter and requires less study time outside of class and you also get to work with a team of several people.

### Quizzes
In a previous class with Professor Downing, I did very poorly on the quizzes and found them extremely frustrating. This semester, I managed to learn from my mistakes. Mostly. The daily quizzes are a great way to encourage students to come to class and study periodically throughout the course rather than cramming for the exams. The quizzes always come directly from previous lectures or readings, so they are not hard to do well on if you are keeping up with the material. I was able to do fairly well on the quizzes this semester just by taking a little bit of time after each lecture to review my notes, summarize the key ideas, and maybe do a little studying if I found a concept particularly hard to understand. The main issue is having the discipline (and time) to review between each lecture, because once you fall behind it can be difficult to catch up and your quiz grades can take a nosedive. 

### Overall
I strongly appreciate that Professor Downing tries to keep his courses as relevant as possible and that he seems very open to suggestions and critiques. Even just sitting through his lectures for three semesters, I have seen him implement changes based on feedback from previous semesters and continue to improve the course. Because of the workload and accelerated schedule, I would probably not recommend anyone take this course during the summer unless they have past experience with web development or databases or have no other time commitments. However, I think this would be a great course to take during a regular semester.
